You bastard
How dare you make your parents and sister kneel with you
beast
Ahhh
We
I beg you to admit your mistake
Now there are 10 little monkeys.
What!
What? I have admitted my mistake to you.
Can you spare my sister?
Let go
Thanks. Within half an hour.
Get out of my house!
I never want to see you again.
Li Feng, are you really willing to kick us out?
You're so rude to do this
OK, I'll call the police now!
No no no
Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go
Deer, you go first
Your dad and I are staying here
I don't believe Xiaofeng dared to take us out
We are his parents
He has an obligation to support us
Do Mom and Dad want to go to the detention center?
Hurry up or you will implicate me and my husband
Li Fang, you are rebellious
Famous VIP car crash
You damned bastard can't die
Hurry up!
Then I will do as you wish
Get hit by a car
Finally got the house back
We all left like this
Don't you want the house?
We want the handle in Lin Feng's hands
I can't go
But I will never give up this house
So what else can we do?
Lin Feng doesn't hurt Tongtong very much.
Then let Tongtong find him
As long as you deceive the content of the monitoring
Then this house is still ours